The sun hasn't peaked yet and I'm parked in front of an imposing bunker of a concrete building. In computer years my car has been waiting for an eternity for me to hoist myself out so it can go park itself and then wait for a more eternities for me to come back out again so it can simply do something. Anything. The occasional passerby will wake it up and keep it busy for a while. Maybe I should buy the car a dog or a Roomba to keep it busy.  
This imposing, depressing, imagination-less building is the home of Uninstall All Software. I work here. Well, I go here. Sometimes. The owner and commissioner of the building thought that a building shaped like a giant bunker would be cool; a rebellious, "I don't care what anyone thinks" statement which, translated, means "I don't appreciate how much concrete costs" and "I don't know the first thing about architecture" and "You can bet I'll listen to the architect for my NEXT building." Oh well, what's five years worth of salaries for one hundred programmers anyway? At least that money will float around in the community for a while. Not _this_community of course because the labourers all had to come from remote places so they wouldn't know where or what they were building. No cell phones, no pictures. Total secrecy. 
The building has precious little security because people are the biggest security hole and this building is full of them. If anyone is clever enough to take anything we might just hire them to keep anyone _else_ from taking anything. They can't be _too_ clever or they'll figure out they can use their position to _let_ someone take something. 
So, I wonder into an impressive but bleak entry foyer, walled in some kind of impressive-sounding marble or something with some splashy art on the walls and some severe looking furniture that nervous interns use to try and discern what this company is all about. 
The receptionist greets me with a quick glance and a smile. She doesn't know who I am except by first name and for the fact that she's seem me quite often since she was hired. She's never challenged me even though she has no idea what I do. I turn a corner a press the button for the elevator which is flanked by cardboard cutouts of security personel with scary looking uniforms and scary automatic rifles. Anyone coming in the foyer can see them through the reflections in purposely placed chrome fixtures on the marble walls. 
The elevator doors open to reveal that they aren't elevator doors at all. The "elevator" is simply a stall tactic so the building security can get my finger print, scan my face, weigh me, take a thermal scan, listen for radio waves and attempt to break into any wireless equipment I have on my body. Did say precious little security? I meant _physical_ security. We're a software company after all and what craftsman doesn't enjoy building tools to build tools? Working on the building security is the funnest project we have and, what's more, the interns take it _very_ seriously ... for at least a week. It's quite handy actually because I have a daily update of my weight, heart rate, temperature, height, posture and mobile security. 
The inside of the building is one giant cavern. There's only one floor but there are some hanging offices of various sizes hanging about from the ceiling at different heights. The outside walls are ringed with balconies with offices and nooks and crannies and corners and hide-a-ways and window seats and piles of junk. Everyone gets a window office, or a hanging office, or a bench, or, ... well, whatever they want, really. Who cares where people sit, as long as they're here. It's important that employees spend time with one another and get to relax together; which is convenient because this is the most relaxing software company ever. 
You see, the receptionist doesn't know it, but of course you've already guess that I'm the brains behind this colossal affront to centuries of architectural discovery. I came into billions of dollars. You can just make up whatever imaginative story you want for how that came to be as it's irrelevant to this story. However it happened, I had billions of dollars--enough billions that the precise number is unimportant--and a dream of creating the greatest software company on earth. Greatest, not for users, who are a complete buzzkill, but for programmers. A grand experiment in creating the Xanadu of code monkeys. (I don't know what Xanadu is but the brochure looks intriguing.) Scratch the surface and you'll see that I'm using real people as chimps in an experiment with no ethics committee oversight. Turns out you're allowed to experiment on people and dabble in their lives if they a) come willingly and b) collect a salary. The salary is great so (a) turns out to be a cinch. Once people get here few ever want to leave because there's no requirement other than to show up! The deal is that you have to show up for twenty hours during every work week. You don't have to do it in five batches, or between nine and five. We've got showers, beds, food, hot tubs, two gyms, a pool and of course, the foosball table that NO ONE EVER USES. We actually have a foosball table that people occasionally use but it's in one of the hanging offices and it's a little difficult to play when the office is swaying. 
How can we make software when no one has to do anything except show up? We vote out the dead wood. You don't _have_ to do anything, for a while. Eventually if you do nothing, nothing at all, or if you annoy people, or smell, or take up too much time or space, people will vote you out of the company. We regularly cut out the deadwood. "Deadwood" meaning "people don't like you." Mean, I know, but we can't fill the company up with overweight neckbeards who sit and spam Reddit all day in between yelling at their console games. At least I think that's what the deadwood does. I can't be voted out so it could be anyone but me. I think I read that it was good to cut out the deadwood somewhere. Maybe. I dunno, seems like a good idea. See what I mean? Guinea pigs. The company has a bare minimum of one fifty developers at all times and fifteen helpers. Helpers are people that do things like payroll, janitorial, building maintenance and anything that isn't programming.  Programmers can step into any role if they want to try and code solutions for that role. We spun out a few software companies to very degrees of success simply by letting programmers play at being "business people." 
We hire pretty frequently but it's a meritocracy and some people don't last past the minimum contract period. We've changed the minimum over time just to see how long it takes burned out programmers to relax enough, and trust that they really can do _nothing_ at all, until they start doing _something_, *anything* to feel productive. 
Do we "waste" a lot of money? We totally do. Piles of it. We're so far in the red that we'll never climb out. Except that we're not. This is, after all, a fantasy and in *this* fantasy, by golly, we make MONEY. Whatever, doesn't matter, there's a bunch of billions and this is what happens when you give an ignorant programmer billions of dollars: he builds a giant zoo and fills it with code monkeys. 
Always worrying about being voted out of the "top one hundred" is stressful and so there's a
